Oh
hello and welcome to the Mabel video
this evening is Mabel everyone is all
dressed up and we're about to be kicked
out our rooms in like 15 minutes
then we're gonna go to the Maypole for a
few drinks and then we're going to come
back and get first in the queue and all
those Jakob we have another and yeah
it's really exciting it's gonna be such
a good night seen all the stuff set up
there's loads of food loads of alcohol
as dodgems it's gonna be great
one of the things I'm gonna get run over
while the prices are getting getting
thoroughly get thoroughly been we can
see because some of us because I want to
enjoy this last night and not get to go
soon the one you whispered I don't
require a call last night so we have
made it into college we feel so honored
to be back in yeah but apparently this
is the queue for the queue I don't even
know that we're queueing to get in the
queue what is that
I'm gonna sign up down oh my god
apparently there is food and drink you
okay Ella what's our plan of action
flowing it going
and we are in straight first things
first
I know stars first I never remember to
go back for a brownie should have got
one there and then we are in I'm not
that keen on Jim T's to be quite honest
we're going for food anything to eat all
day cocktails
Henry
[Music]
we have obtain food ransom of the
halloumi fries I'd show you mine by
finish
[Applause]
[Music]
a security tape that maybe fries
thank you very much thank you see cuz
you got to even standing officer
[Music]
oK we've just found pickle mix and I am
a little bit overly excited like I might
even get some of the stuff in my bag for
later so when I say pick a mix I
basically just got curler bottles yummy
[Applause]
[Music]
we've got Oreo Bailey's recommended by
two men in the background the best thing
I thought it was just Oreos but he's got
Bailey's in there wherever you guys be
won't even ask me why we went in the
dodgems the one thing we said we'd win
all do together was go on the dodgems
and one of those snakes go and do go on
the Dodgers without us so yeah
unhappy Paigey right here you know what
to do guys go give them hell in the
comments we're in the keys been going on
for like I don't even own the cable now
it's a teacher half an hour's more woman
it's just
but the Sun is going down we finally
made it to the front of the queue
here's Edie being glittered up
it's interesting Jacob I'm writing the
trends of society which you can't really
see I just touch go okay no touching
[Music]
you know waiting Gazi the girls tone as
you can see it's very cramped around
very very exciting
we know I'm going to see in the hall as
a casino going on so like there's no way
you can solve internally do get
satisfied it's fake money it's not
actually for your wedding that she's
made so now me and Tim and to Jacob
ditches okay these malicious we're
waiting for the others to come out of
there
and then we're gonna head open I'm going
to demand that we get seats because with
the economy like heels the time is for
an update
twenty five plus twelve still going
doing good well the debate keeps the
survivors Muto
in the cute my eyes closing and it is
like it's just hiring greedy so coffee
is much needed to give me a new burst of
energy because the time is only like
it's only just approaching one and I've
got to keep going till like 6:00 in the
morning so help brief me and let's hope
I make it rain coffee
[Music]
yeah page picture of address pain oh she
knows long
[Music]
key the ABBA tribute act possibly my
favorite part of the whole
[Music]
funny
try
[Applause]
okay new cocktails are about to go very
exciting okay
but in the car and leave in charge of
fairing I'm in charge of building
quick cameo from my old pal fuse ODG a
few of us then popped into the chapel
and listened to some relaxing music
[Music]
okay so we just have your time in the
chapel or listing some relaxing music I
didn't think I was dead of okay it's now
hop three I can feel my eyes I missed a
oh I think we might go ahead what she
had the greatest romance I'm showing
that film to Mike I do that behind me
the silent disco going on there all sing
along so and here we have the games
machine which is really quite cool
so we have come to watch the infra
Norris you're about to be a
manifestation and feeling a little bit
like okay so we found out the survivors
photo it's at five o'clock in traffic
court it's what we're aiming for
we are gonna be there fantastic I said
how are you Walter White
well the Cambridge empanada we're going
to be doing so the Sun is now rising
proud of us for making it this far
[Music]
so it's like pretty light and I'm like
well it's like the first night I've ever
done in my life
so quite proud of myself even Wells made
it I'm gonna keep it up through open up
it is what's it called
it's 4:30 2:00 in the morning as you can
see I woke up at 5:00 a.m. this morning
so I've been up 23 hours and 8 minutes
on fall asleep because I went to bed at
about 1:00 1:30 a.m. so if there's
anyone here that's like tired it's me I
feel bad saying I'm tired yeah yeah
Paige is so tight after what 9 and 9
hours sleep was almost like I've been
twice as much sleep as I am and yeah
she's quite tired yeah
look I think this bug is developing
baggages all the things divides
oh my god there's I can see them I mean
Oakside palms just going yeah yeah oh my
clothes it's gone hello I see for
YouTube YouTube already knows what's go
yeah future who knows this is my wife
good morning okay so yeah now
there's going to be a spy biz photo
everyone who has made it to the Angeles
she offers me protection a lot of love
and affection whether I'm right or wrong
down the water okay we omit survivors
ferret area just behind me there's a
couple everyone I they survive no is it
really good fun look it's the light
outside what the hell
everyone we've just been that back into
our rooms yeah it has been a great
experience Jesus made balls biggest
grandest thing I've ever been to and
it's been really fun so yeah my glitter
oh I love this cuz I'm quite sad take it
off but then I just need my makeup off
like this makeup you can see like it's
just gone the either dried up anyway
pretty good time you enjoyed the video
please do you like and subscribe
yeah that's it for me see you later bye
I'm so tired you have no idea
[Music]